Update creating_a_webhook.md (#7869)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/webhooks/creating_a_webhook.md

| 5xx (server error)   | No | Yes |
{: .reset-td-br-1 .reset-td-br-2 .reset-td-br-3}

> Braze will retry webhook sends for up to 24 hours before aborting the individual webhook call. When retrying after 5xx errors, Braze will make five attempts using exponential backoff for a period of approximately 30 minutes before aborting the individual webhook call. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Braze will retry webhook sends for up to 24 hours before aborting the individual webhook call. When retrying after any 500-level error, Braze will make 5 attempts using exponential backoff for a period of approximately 30 minutes before aborting the individual webhook call.
```

> Braze will retry webhook sends for up to 24 hours before aborting the individual webhook call. When retrying after any 500-level error, Braze will make 5 attempts using exponential backoff for a period of approximately 30 minutes before aborting the individual webhook call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

{% alert note %}
For 500-level errors, Braze will retry the webhook send up to 5 times over 30 minutes using exponential backoff. For all other errors, Braze will continue to retry for up to 24 hours.
```

> Each webhook is allowed 90 seconds before it times out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

| 5xx (server error)   | No | Yes |
{: .reset-td-br-1 .reset-td-br-2 .reset-td-br-3}

{% alert note %}

> For 500-level errors, Braze will retry the webhook send up to 5 times over 30 minutes using exponential backoff. For all other errors, Braze will continue to retry for up to 24 hours.

Reviewer: Hello @SimeonBrazeSA , thanks for contributing! I slightly simplified your content fix. Are my changes still accurate? If not, let me know how and I will modify. Thanks!

Your original:

> Braze will retry webhook sends for up to 24 hours before aborting the individual webhook call. When retrying after 5xx errors, Braze will make five attempts using exponential backoff for a period of approximately 30 minutes before aborting the individual webhook call.

Reviewer 2: Hi @SimeonBrazeSA - Just making sure you saw the clarifying question above. Thanks again for contributing!
